Updating kitties tutorial front-end section (#878)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: v3/tutorials/11-kitties-workshop/b-kitties-frontend/index.mdx

          // Fetch all kitty keys
          const entries = await api.query.substrateKitties.kitties.entries()
          const ids = entries.map(entry => entry[1].unwrap().dna)
          setKittyIds(ids)
        })
      }

      asyncFetch()

      return () => {
        unsub && unsub()
      }
    }
    ```

1.  Similarly for `subscribeKitties`, paste the following code snippet:

    ```js
    // Subscription function to construct all kitty objects
    const subscribeKitties = () => {
      let unsub = null

      const asyncFetch = async () => {
        unsub = await api.query.substrateKitties.kitties.multi(
          kittyIds,
          kitties => {
            const kittiesMap = kitties.map(kitty => parseKitty(kitty.unwrap()))
            setKitties(kittiesMap)
          }
        )
      }

      asyncFetch()

      return () => {
        unsub && unsub()
      }
    }
    ```

    `kitties` is a [storage map](https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/latest/frame_support/storage/types/struct.StorageMap.html), Substrate supports returning the whole map of objects and we use Polkadot-JS API to iterate through the map.

>     For each dataset, `parseKitty()` function is called to return a kitty object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For each dataset, the `parseKitty()` function is called to return a kitty object.
```

    Lastly, notice the clean-up function is being returned:

    ```js
    // return the unsubscription cleanup function
    return () => {
      unsub && unsub();
    };
    ```

    In `asyncFetch` we have subscribed to the Kitties storage.
    When the component is teared down, we want to make sure the subscription is cleaned up (unsubscribed).
    So we return a clean up function for the effect hook.
    Refer to [Effects with Cleanup](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-effect.html#effects-with-cleanup) to learn more about cleanup functions.

> 1.  Now, all that's left to do in order for our component to listen for changes in our node's storage is to pass in `subscribeCount` and `subscribeKitties` functions to React's `useEffect()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Now, all that's left to do in order for our component to listen for changes in our node's storage is to pass in the `subscribeCount` and `subscribeKitties` functions to React's `useEffect()`.
```

Our `KittyCards.js` component will have three sections to it:

> - `TransferModal`, `SetPrice`, `BuyKitty`: they are modal dialogs that uses the `TxButton` component to transfer a kitty, set a kitty price, and to buy a kitty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TransferModal`, `SetPrice` and `BuyKitty`: each of which are modal dialogs that use the `TxButton` component to transfer a kitty, set a kitty price, and to buy a kitty.
```

    The way it is built can be broken down into the following pieces:

    - A "transfer" button exists, which opens up a modal upon being clicked.
    - This modal, we'll call "Kitty Transfer" is a `Form` containing (1) the Kitty ID and (2) an input
    field for a receiving address.
    - It also contains a "transfer" and "cancel" button.

    See the screenshot for reference:

    ![Kitty Transfer](../../../../src/images/tutorials/11-kitties-workshop/kitty-transfer-shot.png)

>     The other two modal dialogs, `SetPrice` and `BuyKitty`, follow the similar logics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The other two modal dialogs, `SetPrice` and `BuyKitty`, follow the similar logic.
```

        }
      >
        <Modal.Header>Kitty Transfer</Modal.Header>
        <Modal.Content>
          <Form>
            <Form.Input fluid label="Kitty ID" readOnly value={kitty.dna} />
            <Form.Input
              fluid
              label="Receiver"
              placeholder="Receiver Address"
              onChange={formChange('target')}
            />
          </Form>
        </Modal.Content>
        <Modal.Actions>
          <Button basic color="grey" onClick={() => setOpen(false)}>
            Cancel
          </Button>
          <TxButton
            label="Transfer"
            type="SIGNED-TX"
            setStatus={setStatus}
            onClick={confirmAndClose}
            attrs={{
              palletRpc: 'substrateKitties',
              callable: 'transfer',
              inputParams: [formValue.target, kitty.dna],
              paramFields: [true, true],
            }}
          />
        </Modal.Actions>
      </Modal>
    )
    ```

The next part of our `KittyCards.js` component is to create the part that renders the
`KittyAvatar.js` component and the data passed in from the `kitties` props in `Kitty.js`.

### Write `KittyCard` in `KittyCards.js`

> We'll use Semantic UI `Card` component to create a card that renders the Kitty avatar as well as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll use a Semantic UI `Card` component to create a card that renders the Kitty avatar as well as the
```

> Kitty ID, DNA, gender, owner and price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kitty DNA, gender, owner and price.
```

    </Card>
    ```

1. It's time to put all the pieces we've built together. We need a function to:

    - Check whether there are any Kitties to render and render a _"No Kitty found here... Create one now!"_
       message if there aren't any.
    - If there are, render them in a 3 column grid.

    Have a look at the comments to understand the parts of this code snippet and paste it in `KittyCards.js`:

    ```js
    const KittyCards = props => {
      const { kitties, setStatus } = props

      if (kitties.length === 0) {
        return (
          <Message info>
            <Message.Header>
              No Kitty found here... Create one now!&nbsp;
              <span role="img" aria-label="point-down">
                👇
              </span>
            </Message.Header>
          </Message>
        )
      }

      return (
        <Grid columns={3}>
          {kitties.map((kitty, i) => (
            <Grid.Column key={`kitty-${i}`}>
              <KittyCard kitty={kitty} setStatus={setStatus} />
            </Grid.Column>
          ))}
        </Grid>
      )
    }
    ```

1. Complete the component by adding:

   ```js
   export default KittyCards
   ```

> > Notes: We didn't go through the `SetPrice` and `BuyKitty` components above. Please [refer to the solutions](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-front-end-template/blob/tutorials%2Fsolutions%2Fkitties/src/KittyCards.js) for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: We didn't go through the `SetPrice` and `BuyKitty` components above. Please [refer to the solution code](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-front-end-template/blob/tutorials%2Fsolutions%2Fkitties/src/KittyCards.js) for learning how to write those.
```

   ```js
   <Grid.Row>
     <Kitties />
   </Grid.Row>
   ```

If you get stuck in any of the above section. You can refer back to the complete source code of:

- [`src/kitties.js`](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-front-end-template/blob/tutorials%2Fsolutions%2Fkitties/src/Kitties.js)
- [`src/kittyCards.js`](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-front-end-template/blob/tutorials%2Fsolutions%2Fkitties/src/KittyCards.js)
- [`src/kittyAvatar.js`](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-front-end-template/blob/tutorials%2Fsolutions%2Fkitties/src/KittyAvatar.js)

**🎉\***Congratulations!**\*🎉** You have finished the Substrate Kitties front-end tutorial!

> We encourage you to write additional functions for other capabilities exposed by your runtime, such as "Set Price", "Buy" or "Breed".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

In [our solution](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-front-end-template/blob/tutorials%2Fsolutions%2Fkitties/src/KittyCards.js), we implemented the Set Price modal for you to use as an additional example.

> There are lots of ways you can extend what you've learnt here, such as creating a marketplace for different types of avatars, or recreating this front-end with your own UI components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are lots of ways you can extend what you've learnt here, such as adding a "Breed Kitty" component, creating a marketplace for different types of avatars, or recreating this front-end with your own UI components.
We encourage you to keep learning!
```
